update description (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/asp-net-web-forms-grid-use-template-editors-to-update-data-on-callbacks: Readme.md

# Grid View for ASP.NET Web Forms - How to use template editors to update grid data
<!-- run online -->
**[[Run Online]](https://codecentral.devexpress.com/e2333/)**
<!-- run online end -->

This example demonstrates how to create a templated column, add an editor to the template, and update the data source on a callback when a user changes the editor's value.

> **Note**

> > Starting with v13.2, you can use the batch edit functionality to edit grid data on the client and send it to the server on a single request: [Grid in Batch Edit Mode](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/16443/components/grid-view/concepts/edit-data/batch-edit-mode).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In v13.2 and higher, you can use the batch edit functionality to edit grid data on the client and send it to the server on a single request: [Grid in Batch Edit Mode](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/16443/components/grid-view/concepts/edit-data/batch-edit-mode).
```

        value = s.GetText();
    var param = key + "|" + field + "|" + value;
    cb.PerformCallback(param);
}
```

```cs
protected void cb_Callback(object source, DevExpress.Web.CallbackEventArgs e) {
    String[] p = e.Parameter.Split('|');

    Int32 key = Convert.ToInt32(p[0]);
    String field = p[1];
    Object value = p[2];

    MyObject obj = session.GetObjectByKey<MyObject>(key);

    switch (field) {
        case "Title":
            if (value.ToString() == "null")
                value = String.Empty;
            break;

        case "Item":
            value = Convert.ToInt32(value);
            break;

        case "SomeDate":
            DateTime result = DateTime.Now;
            if (DateTime.TryParse(value.ToString(), out result))
                value = result;
            else
                value = DateTime.Now;
            break;
    }

    obj.SetMemberValue(field, value);
    obj.Save();
}
```

## Files to Review

* [Default.aspx](./CS/WebSite/Default.aspx) (VB: [Default.aspx](./VB/WebSite/Default.aspx))
* [Default.aspx.cs](./CS/WebSite/Default.aspx.cs) (VB: [Default.aspx.vb](./VB/WebSite/Default.aspx.vb))

## Documentation

> * [Gid View Templates](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/3718/components/grid-view/concepts/templates)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Grid View Templates](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/3718/components/grid-view/concepts/templates)
```
